Hi sister-in-law, what's the matter with you?
Ignore this idiot
I think he blocked the Yan family
You must pay for blocking the Yan family's difficult camp.
This guy is an idiot
These two are both very strong seeded players
Who will win?
If only I could get them to pay for me in private
End of the second round
The formulas of the two sides are basically the same
It depends on the performance of the two in the next round
Jialan, control your emotions
Steady your mind
Don't worry.
Even if I don't win this time
I will also make you extremely
Cut it out.
I must win this game on my own
Who will advance to the finals on April 14?
Let's wait and see.
Li Wenli, I didn't let you enough just now
In fact, it's not that ugly to let you lose
Do you always see?
Oh wow.
This is a human rights draw
Audience friends
Saw the superhero dog reappear in the fighting arena
What superhero dog?
You are stupid, it was Yan Ziqi 18 years ago
Yan Boxing King won with one move
Superman Boxing
I didn't expect anyone to use this trick now
What is the relationship between Lin Wenli and Yan Boxing King?
I still want that trick to win my dream